[CECO-662] Add registry options in admission controller (#1181)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v2alpha1.md

| features.admissionController.enabled | Enabled enables the Admission Controller. Default: true |
| features.admissionController.failurePolicy | FailurePolicy determines how unrecognized and timeout errors are handled. |
| features.admissionController.mutateUnlabelled | MutateUnlabelled enables config injection without the need of pod label 'admission.datadoghq.com/enabled="true"'. Default: false |

> | features.admissionController.registry | registry enables to set the custom registry name on admission controller. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| features.admissionController.registry | Registry enables setting the custom registry name on the admission controller. |
```
